>> Richard Feldman: Great,
let's dive into the exercise.
So we're gonna work, again we're building
up this same homepage that we've been
building up in the previous exercise.
Now we're gonna add something to the right
that's got a list of popular tags.
So we're gonna use list.map to
iterate over a list of tags and
actually display in the right hand side
there a list of whatever tags there are.
So let's hop over here.
Hey, the terminal came up this time,
great.
[LAUGH] And go into part2.
So once again, we see the same
kind of stuff that we did before.
There is a new directory
down there called source.
So typically speaking,
when you do your Elm programs,
it's not normal to put all
your files in the top level.
Usually you put them
in a sub directory and
usually that sub directory
is called source.
So compared to the previous one, I've
moved us a little bit closer to the way
things are done in normal Applications.
Contents of source,
we have only one file, main.elm, so
all I did was move it into there.
However, that does mean that we're
going to run the build a little bit
differently than we did last time.
So if I open up the readme here, notice
that now instead of elm make Main.elm,
it's elm make src/Main.elm.
Otherwise, everything else
is the same as before.
So let's go back here,
and compile that, okay?
And also worth noting that previously,
we had,
in the browser, had,
>> Richard Feldman: The part one
index.html up there in the location bar.
We do need to open a different
index.html for part two.
It's gonna be different for
the part one index.html.
So you can see over here we have
the same header as we did before but
now we have this popular tabs
thing over there on the right.
So et's take a look at the code
that we're going to be working
on to actually populate that thing.
Because right now,
popular tags is looking kind of sad
with no actual popular tags yet.
All right, so here we have the same
module structure as before,
the same imports as before.
Again, not quite gonna cover that yet.
We now have a function called viewTags,
and
it takes as an argument a list of tags.
And we have a let expression inside.
So we have it TODO for
what we're gonna do in there.
Then we also have a viewTag function,
which ultimately viewTags
is going to end up calling.
And finally we have our main,
just like before,
which has another let expression for
the tags.
Currently these are hardcoded, but in the
future we will move them into something
that we actually get from the server.
And then finally,
we have a third TODO down here.
So there are a grand
total of three TODO's.
First up we have inside viewTags, then we
have one another one inside viewTag, and
finally we have one inside of main.